README.md, before:

# Hades OST for the Music Maker

This mod adds the Hades soundtrack, as played by Orpheus in the House of Hades in the first game, to the Music Maker in Hades II.

A new incantation is added to the cauldron, performing it will unlock the first number of tracks.

Most tracks are only made available by meeting certain conditions, such as visiting certain locations or beating specific enemies - these unlock conditions often loosely relate to the song itself.

![Hades OST for the Music Maker - Unlock a Song](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93838874-08a3-4383-9724-e9c6fa7aa5f4)

## FAQ

### I don't see any Hades music in the Music Maker screen?

Make sure to perform the prerequisite incantation first.
It will unlock after you own enough other songs.

![Hades OST for the Music Maker - Perform the Incantation](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4cc14920-fd46-4d04-a441-9f566ad10211)

### I only see a few songs in the Music Maker screen. Where is ___?

Not all songs are immediately available for purchase.
Continue playing the game to unlock more songs.

### Wow, ___ is expensive!

That is intentional. Some songs cost more resources than others, so that unlocking them can be a meaningful progression goal even in the late game. And let's be honest, these tracks are worth it.
If you don't want to wait, you can set the `unlockEverything` config option to `true` to immediately unlock all songs.

*WARNING*: Using this option is irreversible! Even if you set it to false again, the songs will remain unlocked.

![Hades OST for the Music Maker - Incantation complete](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e52a670-e764-43ce-8429-c9e031c8cc09)

Commit message:

Added integration with Zagreus' Journey (#21)

README.md, after:

# Hades OST for the Music Maker

This mod adds the Hades soundtrack, as played by Orpheus in the House of Hades in the first game, to the Music Maker in Hades II.

A new incantation is added to the cauldron, performing it will unlock the first number of tracks.

Most tracks are only made available by meeting certain conditions, such as visiting certain locations or beating specific enemies - these unlock conditions often loosely relate to the song itself.

![Hades OST for the Music Maker - Unlock a Song](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/93838874-08a3-4383-9724-e9c6fa7aa5f4)

If you also have [Zagreus' Journey](https://thunderstore.io/c/hades-ii/p/NikkelM/Zagreus_Journey/) installed, the unlock conditions and resource costs for new songs will adapt to your progression in that mod, and use its new resources.

## FAQ

### I don't see any Hades music in the Music Maker screen?

Make sure to perform the prerequisite incantation first.
It will unlock after you own enough other songs.

![Hades OST for the Music Maker - Perform the Incantation](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4cc14920-fd46-4d04-a441-9f566ad10211)

### I only see a few songs in the Music Maker screen. Where is ___?

Not all songs are immediately available for purchase.
Continue playing the game to unlock more songs.

### Wow, ___ is expensive!

That is intentional. Some songs cost more resources than others, so that unlocking them can be a meaningful progression goal even in the late game. And let's be honest, these tracks are worth it.
If you don't want to wait, you can set the `unlockEverything` config option to `true` to immediately unlock all songs.

*WARNING*: Using this option is irreversible! Even if you set it to false again, the songs will remain unlocked.

![Hades OST for the Music Maker - Incantation complete](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e52a670-e764-43ce-8429-c9e031c8cc09)
